The principle of the central principle of the school system is to say that
in order to establish and establish the foundation,
one must be able to build the foundation.
What is the result of building the foundation?
In more and more cases, the foundation is established,
it is built, it is used, and it is established.
In other words, in Japan, there is no such thing as a central country.
What is a central country?
In other words, it is the effort to establish the foundation.
There are no two ways of a central country.
If you are a central country,
it will be the cause of loving the country.
No matter how many people,
the people of Japan must have the principle of the school system.
I firmly believe that the principle of the school system
is not something that should be different by the movement of the party and the
people of Japan.
It should be more aggressive.
It should not be more aggressive.
The true principle of the school system is
the principle of the school system that is
actively, thoughtfully and actively.
If you look at the Great Japan Constitution,
the Great Japan Constitution says that
the emperor of the whole world is the founder of this.
This is the Japanese national body.
The emperor of the whole world is the founder of this.